Create README.md (#34)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-msteams-meetings: docs/setup/installation-and-configuration.md

## Installation

The Mattermost MS Teams Meetings plugin is provided in the Mattermost Plugin Marketplace. Once enabled, clicking the video icon in a Mattermost channel invites team members to join an MS Teams meeting, hosted using the credentials of the user who initiated the call.

### Requirements

* Mattermost Server v5.26+ is required.

> * Enterprise Edition E20 is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Mattermost Enterprise Edition E20 is required.
```

### Marketplace Installation

1. Go to **Main Menu > Plugin Marketplace** in Mattermost.
2. Search for "MS Teams" or manually find the plugin from the list and click **Install**.
3. After the plugin has downloaded and been installed, click **Configure**.

### Manual Installation

If your server doesn't have access to the internet, you can download the latest [plugin binary release](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-msteams-meetings/releases) and upload it to your server via **System Console > Plugin Management**. The releases on this page are the same used by the Marketplace.

## Configuration

### Step 1: Create a Mattermost App in Azure

> 1. Sign into [portal.azure.com](https://portal.azure.com) using an admin Azure account.

Reviewer 2: Wonder if it would be better as the name of the link something like "Azure portal". Something like:

Sign into the [Azure portal](xxx) using an admin account.

Author: Good catch, I'll update it.

> 1. Sign into [portal.azure.com](https://portal.azure.com) using an admin Azure account.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Sign into [the Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) using an admin Azure account.
```

2. Navigate to [App Registrations](https://portal.azure.com/#blade/Microsoft_AAD_IAM/ActiveDirectoryMenuBlade/RegisteredApps).
3. Select **New registration** at the top of the page.

<img width="300" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6913320/76347903-be67f580-62dd-11ea-829e-236dd45865a8.png"/>

4. Fill out the form with the following values:

- Name: **Mattermost MS Teams Meetings Plugin**
- Supported account types: **Default value (Single tenant)**

> - Redirect URI: **https://(MM_SITE_URL)/plugins/com.mattermost.msteamsmeetings/oauth2/complete**. Replace `(MM_SITE_URL)` with your Mattermost server's Site URL. Select **Register** to submit the form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Redirect URI: **https://(MM_SITE_URL)/plugins/com.mattermost.msteamsmeetings/oauth2/complete**. Replace `(MM_SITE_URL)` with your Mattermost Server's Site URL. Select **Register** to submit the form.
```

<img width="500 src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6913320/76348298-55cd4880-62de-11ea-8e0e-4ace3a8f8fcb.png"/>

5. Navigate to **Certificates & secrets** in the left pane.

<img width="300" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6913320/76348833-3d116280-62df-11ea-8b13-d39a0a2f2024.png"/>

> 6. Select **New client secret > Add**, and copy the new secret on the bottom right corner of the screen. We'll use this value later in the Mattermost admin console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Select **New client secret > Add**, then copy the new secret in the bottom right corner of the screen. We'll use this value later in the Mattermost System Console.
```

<img width="300" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6913320/76349025-9da09f80-62df-11ea-8c8f-0b39cad4597e.png"/>

7. Navigate to **API permissions** in the left pane.

<img width="300" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6913320/76349582-a9d92c80-62e0-11ea-9414-5efd12c09b3f.png"/>

8. Select **Add a permission** and choose **Microsoft Graph** in the right pane.

<img width="500" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6913320/76350226-c2961200-62e1-11ea-9080-19a9b75c2aee.png"/>

> 9. Select **Delegated permissions**, and scroll down to select the ``OnlineMeetings.ReadWrite`` permissions.

Author: ```suggestion
9. Select **Delegated permissions**, and scroll down to select the `OnlineMeetings.ReadWrite` permissions.
```

<img width="300" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6913320/76350551-5a93fb80-62e2-11ea-8eb3-812735691af9.png"/>

10. Select **Add permissions** to submit the form.

<img width="300" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6913320/80412303-abb07c80-889b-11ea-9640-7c2f264c790f.png"/>

11. Select **Grant admin consent for...** to grant the permissions for the application.

> You're all set for configuration inside of Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You're all set for configuration inside of the Azure portal.
```

### Step 2: Configure Plugin Settings

> 1. Copy the **Client ID** and **Tenant ID** from the Azure portal.

Reviewer: Is it worth including details on where to find these details in the portal?

<img width="300" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6913320/76779336-9109c480-6781-11ea-8cde-4b79e5b2f3cd.png"/>

> 2. Go to **System Console > PLUGINS > MS Teams Meetings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to **System Console > Plugins > MS Teams Meetings**.
```

3. Enter the following values in the fields provided:

> - `tenantID` - copy from Azure App

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `tenantID` - copy from the Azure portal
```

Reviewer: Similar comment to above - is it worth explaining where someone can find these values?

Author: Good suggestion! @larkox, for the second iteration would you be open to providing the location/path to these values?

> - `clientID` - copy from Azure App

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `clientID` - copy from the Azure portal
```

Reviewer: Similar comment to above - is it worth explaining where someone can find these values?

Author: I believe it would be. I propose a new PR for that once this is merged.

> - `Client Secret` - copy from Azure App (Generated in `Certificates & secrets`, earlier in these instructions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Client Secret` - copy from the Azure portal (generated in **Certificates & secrets** earlier in these instructions)
```

4. Choose **Save** to apply the configuration.

## Onboarding users

> When you’ve tested the plugin and confirmed it’s working, notify your team so they get started. Copy and paste the text below, edit it to suit your requirements, and send it out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you’ve tested the plugin and confirmed it’s working, notify your team so they can get started. Copy and paste the text below, edit it to suit your requirements, and send it out.
```

> Hi team,

> > The MS Teams Meetings plugin has been configured so you can use it for calls from within Mattermost. To get started, run the `/connect` slash command from any channel within Mattermost. Visit the documentation for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
> The MS Teams Meetings plugin has been configured so you can use it for calls from within Mattermost. To get started, run the `/mstmeetings connect` slash command from any channel within Mattermost. Visit the documentation for more information.
```

Author: What is the expected behavior after this action? And does the user need to have an MS Teams account and be logged in? If so and they're not logged in, what happens?
